# CS-330
Comp Graphic and Visualization

I approach designing software by keeping classes modular and reusable.  This project has helped me to craft design skills in logic flow and logic branches as well as to develop functions that are simple to use.  My design process began with the provided baseline codework.  I would start by reading the code and I made sure that I understood what the code accomplished before I attempted to make any adjustments.  I think the same approach could be used as a tactic going forward.  I believe the key to writing solid code is to keep it simple and modular.

I approach developing programs by first understanding by the system requirements are.  My biggest frustration is developing a project to learn that there are additional requirements weeks after development has started.  The strategy that I used the most while working on my 3D scene is the framework mindset.  Everything has a structure and then you continue to build on top of the structure.  This is like how things are built in the real world.  Iteration factored into the development by applying requirements one at a time.  This allowed for a successful product because requirements were added to the structure as the weeks went by.  This also allowed for building block style learning.  I do not believe that my approach to developing code evolved throughout each milestone.  I think my approach was the same, but the new skill allowed me to add that feature to the project.

Computer science can help me reach my goal because it teaches you the importance of keeping a student mindset.  The moment you believe that you know enough about a certain subject, you lose.  Computational graphics and visualizations can be applied to my future educational pathway because it establishes a foundation on which additional learning can be achieved.  This can also be applied in my professional future because it establishes a skillset to apply to projects that enable users or customers to be successful in a unified goal.
